hope: Um, how are you guys?
hope: How is Chris and how are you?
lori: Pretty well. Chris isn’t here at the moment—she’s been away with her class up north.
lori: Up around Blandenburg for about two weeks on what they call Feldmessen. Feldmessen is, um, surveying.
hope: Hm.
lori: So she’s been gone for two weeks, but she’s coming back tonight.
hope: Ha.
lori: We’re looking forward to that.
hope: Oh, I’m sorry we’re going to miss her—yeah, oh gosh, I bet you’re getting lonely.
lori: Yeah, well Claudia’s been here and we’ve been doing okay.
hope: Mm.
lori: I’m actually waiting for Claudia to show up—we were supposed to go into town and meet some people.
lori: I’ve got a student here who’s checking out rooms and stuff.
hope: Mm.
lori: She’s coming in the fall, but she was in a place called Taipei—Tufts sent her to Taipei.
hope: I had friends there.
lori: She did a course there and then she came over here and checked out a room.
lori: The semester still goes until July twenty-second.
hope: Mhm.
lori: So, uh, things are busy.
hope: Yeah, gosh.
lori: Yeah.
hope: You still got another month.
hope: And then—are you coming over to the States at all this summer?
lori: No.
hope: Not even Chris?
lori: No, no, no.
hope: Not enough relatives left here anymore?
lori: Well, the relative scene is kind of sad—everybody’s, you know, kind of passed away.
hope: Yeah, I remember when I talked to you in the fall.
lori: Yeah.
hope: Oh—did your sister die?
lori: My sister passed away, yeah. I don’t know if you spoke to me before that.
hope: When was it?
lori: It may have been right after.
hope: My father died right after we talked.
lori: Oh god, yeah.
hope: Yeah, we’re getting old.
lori: People get sick pretty young—my sister wasn’t that old and just had bad luck.
hope: I’m going to put you on after fifteen minutes—I’ve got to.
lori: There wasn’t much anyone could do. And then an aunt of Chris’s—Aunt Mamie up in Maine—passed away.
hope: Had that happened already?
lori: No, she passed in March.
hope: I think there was concern about her when we spoke in September or October.
lori: She had a brain tumor, they operated, and I saw her a day before she died.
hope: Oh.
lori: She didn’t know I was there—so it was a blessing, I guess. Weird stuff.
hope: Yeah.
hope: And how about you? How are your eyes?
lori: Well, I’m going next week for a check-up—not convinced it’s okay. It was eighty percent for a while after the detached retina surgeries, but now I’m not sure.
hope: So you’re having blurred vision?
lori: Yeah, the right eye’s not so great. They did two operations, it seemed fine, now I’ll know more soon.
hope: Eighty percent vision is still fantastic.
lori: Yeah—we’ll see what happens.
hope: Frustrating.
lori: And then my knee—had a fluid build-up, they drained it, took pills. It’s just a pain in the ass.
hope: Is that like water on the knee?
lori: Yeah, it’s inflammation—maybe from all the walking on our Berlin trip.
hope: Was your last crop of Tufts students good?
lori: Yeah, they’re winding down but they learned an amazing amount of German.
lori: Oh, and I saw George Silinas—he’s working for an American firm and doing very well. His wife just had their fourth child, Benjamin.
hope: Wow.
lori: About two weeks ago.
lori: And Amy Gleason just had her second baby.
hope: I got a card from Ron and Doris—they see Amy occasionally.
hope: Have you heard from Ron and Doris?
lori: Not in a while. They’re living in Rhode Island now—she’s teaching at URI.
hope: She said the students don’t care, conference papers are getting rejected—she thinks it’s the affiliation.
lori: Right.
hope: I haven’t submitted with Missouri yet—I’m still officially on leave, so if anything comes up, we could go back.
lori: Uh-huh.
hope: But it’s unlikely. Anyway, she’s come to terms with Rhode Island—lots of good things and more time to be a parent.
lori: Good.
hope: Ron’s working as a financial consultant for Merrill Lynch after an environmental firm gig didn’t work out—he was diagnosed ADHD as an adult.
lori: Interesting.
hope: He’s happy in the new role.
hope: We saw Leo and Julie at Christmas—moved to a nice Westchester house, Julie’s renovating it beautifully.
lori: Nice.
hope: They have a three-year-old, Adrian, who looks big—he’s got Leo’s genes.
lori: That’s great.
hope: Julie’s in academic publishing, might move to trade for more money—lots of compromise there.
lori: Terrible.
hope: Ages ago I got a card from Liz Gana—thought about reaching out but haven’t.
hope: And I saw that Ginny Totta is living in the alumni apartments now.
lori: Yeah.